Hello. Great service. Thank you... Two questions about the old platform -- legacy.gitbook.com... Also feedback...

1)
I already typed a lot of documentation into this previous version of GitBook (legacy.gitbook.com). Is there any way to export that content to the new GitBook?

2)
How long are you planning to support (host) this old service and website (legacy.gitbook.com) ??? I would prefer to keep using it. But I don't want to miss a notification, and end up losing my work.

Overall, I much prefer the UI / UX of legacy.gitbook.com. The new UI has so much empty space, so much wasted space, and that unnecessary banner at the bottom which blocks a lot of the space. I find it very difficult to work on the new UI. My screen size is 1280x800 px. On a large screen, I'm sure it would be fine. But, on this size screen, the older UI was much much better. Is this new one open source at all? I am a UI developer, and would love to help tweak the front-end app to help you. I am not asking for a job. If you can fix it yourself, that would be great!

Another very important UI / UX problem that plagues the new dashboard: Whenever i hit "Publish", my GitBook takes me to the first page of my documentation. So, I find it difficult to frequently publish my work. Unfortunately, if I don't publish my work, then close the browser and come back, I may end up with multiple versions, and lose work because I forgot to go back to the "draft", the unpublished version and publish it.

Related to this, it is also annoying to "save" my work frequently. When I press "Save", I can no longer edit the page. This is a waste of time. 

Also, the new UI does not automatically save my changes when switching pages. It does not even warn me to save. Same when I close the window - it should auto-save or warn me to save. This is dangerous, and leads to a lot of lost work. This leads to a lot of frustration.

Come to think of it, I have decided - to look for an alternative documentation platform. I may come back to Git Book, but I hope not. 

The older "legacy.gitbook.com" was much better than this new app. 

:P